The plugs in your arms
and head are gone.
Morpheus?
Your appearance now
is what we call
residual self image.
It's a mental projection
of your digital self.
This isn't real?
What is real?
How do you define real?
Real is simply
electrical signals
interpreted by
your brain.
This is
the world that you know,
the world as it was
at the end of the 20th Century.
It exists now only as
a neural interactive simulation
that we call
the Matrix.
You've been living
in a dream world, Neo.
This is the world
as it exists today.
That's not
what Y2K's gonna be.
You don't
know that.
No one knows
what's going to happen.
Well, I'm not gonna lose
my hair, that's for sure.
You think
the world could end?
Yes.
The Millennium Bug is coming!
It's the bug
of the century.
I caught a big bug
with my bra today.
More like
a 36 Double Dead.
Ma!
Guys,
this is the first day
of maybe
our last summer of our lives.
We've gotta do it all --
ice cream trucks, sunburns,
water slides,
skinny dipping,
ice cream trucks.
Who's with me?
Jessica: I am.
Mom?
For the next
three months
while I'm busy
studying for grad school,
you will be by my side
PSAT prepping.
Study buddies.
No!
-- Captions by VITAC --
* Fresh off the boat
* I'm gettin' mine
everywhere I go *
* If you don't know, homey,
now you know *
* Fresh off the boat
* Homey, you don't know
where I come from *
* But I know where I'm goin'
* I'm fresh off the boat
This sucks.
All my friends are
going on cool vacations
and I'm stuck studying.
Sounds like you're going on
a ton of trips...
on the Complain Train.
I don't need
all this college prep.
Eddie, this is not just
your future at stake
but my reputation.
How am I gonna become
a respected school principal
if I can't even get my own son
into a top college?
Whoa, top college?
I was thinking more like
Tier 2, Tier 3.
I want less pressure,
more fun.
Sit around and relax.
Rejuvenate from the stress
of high school.
You get out every day
at 1:45.
I know, and my first class
starts at 9:00.
Eddie, what did you do
to the tub?
Oh, that's Gia,
my mega water balloon.
I'm leaving Gia
in the tub
until I bulk up enough
to be able to throw her.
She big.
"She big," Louis.
No water balloons.
Real world is coming.
College.
You need to grow up.
You've been saying that
since I was 3.
College.
I'm so jealous of you.
Best time of your life.
You know, I was a bit
of a campus legend myself.
Please don't start.
They called me
"The Buffalo."
Why'd they call you
"The Buffalo"?
Because you couldn't find
a hotter wingman.
Hey,
what about Maryland?
Go to your old man --
and old woman's alma...mata?
Almamatta.
Alma mamata?
Alma...
Go to our college?
No. Maryland did not
make the list.
Do I get a say
in any of this?
Oh, Eddie,
if only the PSATs
were verbal, math,
and comedy.
Don't you think
this is a little much?
You don't want
to burn Eddie out on college
before he even
gets in.
We have to stay on him
or he strays.
He proves this
over and over again.
If I recall,
you weren't exactly
the most focused student
in college.
We do not talk about
my college days, remember?
Especially not in front of
our impressionable son
who has been talking about
going to school
in "one of the Arizonas."
Just saying, you made
some questionable choices and --
That was different!
It's way more
competitive now.
My sister, Connie,
started prepping Justin
a year out,
and he got into
a crap school.
He's a freshman
at UCLA.
That's a great school.
Ugh, you sound
just like Connie.
I want better
for Eddie,
not just so I can
rub it in Connie's face,
but because I want him to have
the best possible future,
which I could also
rub in Connie's face.
Well, it might help Eddie
get more excited
if he knew there was more to it
than just academics.
It's about
making connections,
socializing,
living on your own --
the whole experience.
Trust me,
there is no experience
like the feeling
Eddie will get
when he
graduates Harvard
and sees my glowing
stare of approval.
Julius: Whoa!
Do I look cool now?
Mr. Ice.
Yeah, just breeze
on through.
Emery, join us.
We're watching
Arnold Schwarzenegger's "Twins."
It's Danny DeVito's
"Twins."
Perfect timing.
Easy on the eyes.
There's rumors of Arnold
entering politics,
so I've become
a big fan.
How can you sit and watch TV
with this Y2K thing coming?
We're totally unprepared.
We need to start stocking up
on supplies, rations,
valuables we can use
to trade with other survivors.
That's gonna require
some cash.
Exactly.
We need
to get summer jobs.
Mm.
Act responsible
while everyone else gets crazy.
Or live it up.
We won't be around
to face the consequences.
Y2K!
Something just clicked,
and I fell on board
with sunglasses.
I'm just jealous you actually
got to go somewhere this summer.
Not somewhere, Eddie.
Ball State.
Damn.
You were on
a college campus? Fun!
Oh, yeah.
We piled into the Suburban,
popped in some Reba,
and Burger King'd our way
straight to my sister's dorm.
Ah.
Eddie, that's it.
We'll take a family trip
to college.
That'd be sick!
Until Mom makes me take PSATs
the whole time.
I think
you'll be surprised.
Once your mom's
on campus,
you may see
a different side of her.
There's no chance
we're even getting there.
Mom always says
sleep is our vacation.
Trust me,
I know her weak spot.
Connie.
I know my weak spot --
toe massages.
Family trip
to California!
Oh, that's great.
Whose family?
Us.
Us family.
Dad's taking us
to visit Justin at UCLA.
He's in summer classes.
We can't.
We just got new jobs.
Use your vacation
and sick days.
They'll understand.
I'm a boss.
Dad just
Y2K'd our jobs.
Louis, we're saving
for college,
not wasting money
to go visit one
on the other side
of the country.
My brother flies for Delta.
He'll get us free tickets.
We can stay with Justin --
no hotel.
And the best part?
If Eddie turns down UCLA
for Harvard,
you can rub it
in Connie's face.
Okay!
Pack your bags, boys.
We're going to college!
Does your roommate have
any diseases, Justin?
Ugh.
Never mind.
Justin: I assumed
when you called
it would be just Eddie
staying with me.
Well, that's why
you're in college --
to learn things
you didn't know.
Hey, how come
there's no sock on the door?
Kidding.
Amazing bookstore.
Oh, Marley, nice.
No woman, no cry...
mon.
Oh, sweet. I had one of these.
Mine was red.
If it could talk, whoo.
Louis, calm down.
Where's Grandma and the boys?
She said
she needed the campus ATM
before they
went sightseeing.
They're here, too?
Great.
Fill out the form
and you'll get a credit card
and a free T-shirt.
Grandma, we don't have jobs
to pay these off, remember?
Grandma: So?
Y2K.
She's right,
Emery.
We tried to do
the responsible thing,
and it didn't matter.
Let's just live it up
while we can.
Y2K.
We're rich!
Y2K!
Y2K!Y2K!
Whoo!
Wow.
Your own fridge. Cool.
Louis:
We didn't have those
in my day.
You just had to
let stuff spoil.
Oh!
There she is.
It's all coming back.
Whoa.
What'd you just do?
Nothing.
Just trying to clean up
this hellhole.
So, uh, J-bird,
the Huangs are at college!
What's the plan?
I have
a midterm today
and I was gonna use
the morning to study.
Please.
How hard can the tests be
at Eddie's safety school?
UCLA?
I got a 4.0,
good SAT,
and a rare sit-down
with the Dean of Admissions
and I still
got wait-listed.
It's not easy
to get into.
Oh. Quick,
hide the Sambuca.
It's the RA.
This is Kip,
my roommate.
This is my family.
They're staying with us.
Doesn't matter
to me.
My midterms just posted.
I flunked out.
AP classes,
years of prep school,
valedictorian...
just to be back
in my dad's butcher shop,
cutting ham
for Mrs. Josephs.
Wait a minute.
So UCLA isn't a school
for dum-dums like you?
It's the Harvard
of California.
Okay,
new itinerary --
campus tour,
three class lectures,
and a meeting with
the Dean of Admissions.
Jessica, I thought
a meeting with the Dean
was impossible
to get.
I reached out
to your RV salesman.
He put in a call.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar?
Yeah.
Apparently he's some kind of
a big deal around here.
Did he sell RVs
in college?
It's industrious.
Dad, you said
Mom would be different
once we got here,
but College Mom
is even worse.
* I'm going, going
* Back, back to Cali, Cali
So, do you want to get a picture
with a "celebrity"?
Marilyn Monroe?
Rocky?
That guy with
a spot-on Whoopi Goldberg?
I don't know,
we've spent a lot.
Grandma,
what's going on?
Me and Danny are going to
take the limo
and do
some adult things.
Uh, Grandma,
that's not Danny DeVito.
Show them, Danny.
Do the Batman.
Wah-wah.
So, you're just
gonna ditch us
in the middle
of Los Angeles?
Oh, Y2K!
Every man
for themselves.
Again, Penguin!
Wah-wah.
Have fun.
Do you ever worry
for Grandma's safety?
I worry
for that guy's safety.
Uh, excuse me,
ma'am.
Uhp, looks like Jessica's
"Bruin" up another question.
Because it's the UCLA Bruins.
Man, this girl is on a pun run
like I've never seen.
It's effortless.
Can you tell us
what the library hours are?
I can,
but the librarians have asked me
to keep it hush-hush.
Oh, you can't
teach this.
A pimps
and hoes party?
Yes and yes.
Ooh,
sounds fun.
Eddie,
pay attention.
You need to remember
every detail about the school
so you can impress
the Dean of Admissions later.
Hey, uh,
I know you mean well,
but maybe you can ease up
on Eddie.
Ease up?
I'm trying to get our son
focused on college.
Well, you don't get
a donkey to a cornfield
by whipping him.
You show him
the corn --
"Hey donkey,
look at all this tasty corn!"
Donkeys don't eat corn.
Well,
something does.
I think you mean a pig.
A pig'll eat anything.
I know about pigs.
The point is this is
supposed to be fun for Eddie.
College is not
supposed to be fun, okay?
Oh, is that so?
Um, excuse me,
uh, Pun Master,
have you ever had a student
get in trouble
for streaking
in the cafeteria
instead of studying
for her econ final?
Louis,
don't do this.
Follow-up question.
You guys ever hear of
a Messy Jessie?
Get ready for this,
Eddie.
* ...leads to shots,
grit your teeth *
Drink.
* You run for cover so discreet,
why don't they *
Drink.
Tough one, Sarah.
Man,
I love Tuesdays.
What should we do with
this kayak that I "borrowed"?
And another time,
she got her hands on a huge tub
of industrial glue --
Okay, Louis,
that's enough.
And now her son knows
that his mom was fun.
Pretty cool,
right, Eddie?
Uh...Eddie?
Where'd he go?
Emery:
After this,
I wanna see a TV taping
with a live studio audience.
What?
I'm not doing that.
Why not?
Because our time is finite,
and I don't wanna waste it
watching garbage
with a bunch of zoo people.
I'm thinking
of becoming an actor.
You and everyone else.
No, I wanna go
to Muscle Beach,
see where Arnold began
his political career.
What's the point
of that?
in anything?
Y2K's coming.
Oh, poor baby.
Grandma got DeVito,
so you want some Arnold.
Better actor
than you'll ever be.
Maybe you're right.
The world's ending.
Why care about anything?
Or anyone.
I'm out of here.
What?
Y2K!
If Eddie misses this meeting
and winds up at a Tier 3 school,
it's all your fault.
My fault?
You corrupted him
with all my old escapades,
which I never
wanted him to hear.
He took it
as free license
to ditch us
and run wild.
Exactly what I feared.
Or I inspired him
to explore this campus
and all
it has to offer.
Hey, what's up?
And still show up
right on time.
Eddie, I'm sorry you had to
listen to those nonsense stories
your dad told
the tour group.
Stories?
What stories?
The ones
about your mother?
Nah, I must've bailed
before that.
And yet he still made it
to his big meeting.
Because Eddie knows
that college is important
and he must
take it seriously.
Yeah, I was thinking
about that,
and I don't wanna
go to college.
College sucks.
"College sucks"?!
Eddie!
Sorry.
Not just this one.
All colleges.
As Dean of Admissions,
I am disappointed.
But as a man who thinks
he may have left the oven on...
I'm thrilled.
Seems like
a nice guy.
You had
Kareem's recommendation.
His sky hook
of approval!
All you had to do
was come in and smile.
I can't
smell anything.
I'm so angry,
I've lost my ability to smell.
You guys
should be thanking me.
Now you don't have to
waste your money
sending me
somewhere I hate.
Nothing.
It's like
all my powers
have been drained
to fuel my rage.
Where have you been?
That tour
was so boring.
I had to find
something else to do.
You went
to that party.
That's how
this all happened.
He went there,
he got drunk,
he lost his potential,
and now he hates college.
No, I went and found Justin.
He's my age.
I figured he might show me
how to have fun around here.
Another "Mr. Show"?
Seriously?
We've been watching TV
for hours.
Isn't there anything else
you guys do?
We can all
take a nap again.
I thought that's
what you wanted.
Nice and easy,
sit around.
Recharge
from high school.
Yeah, it sounded good
in theory,
but that's all
they do here.
Turns out
I need a little more.
I haven't seen one thing here
that doesn't suck.
I'm sorry.
College isn't for me.
It's lame.
This is a disaster.
He went from Tier 3 schools
to no schools at all.
He's going
backwards.
Well,
it's now or never.
If you're not
going to show our son
how to have a good time here,
then I will.
You?
What are you gonna do,
throw a Frisbee with him
on the quad?
You don't throw a Frisbee,
you slang it.
Louis,
who are we kidding?
I let you play it up
in front of the kids,
but we both know
that in college,
you were a dork.
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
that's why Eddie needs you.
He is you.
No, Evan's me.
Responsible, focused,
able to pull off argyle.
Argyle!
Evan is you now.
Eddie is
who you used to be.
I could handle myself.
I knew
where to draw the line.
Eddie's not me.
No, he's not.
He's way better off
because you raised him.
Mistakes, regret, loss,
this is the place to start
to learn about that stuff.
And it'll only
help our kids to know
that we
went through it, too.
And we survived
and evolved.
Same way he will.
Look, Jessica, someone needs
to show Eddie
that college
can be challenging
and soul-searching
and fun.
And that person
is you.
The old you.
Messy Jessie.
What do you say,
gunslinger?
...probably a huge tadpole
by now.
Man:
Nice, right?
Wah-wah.
* Got the wind in my hair
Arnold got his start here.
What are your
political aspirations?
Which exercise
best preps
a young candidate
for the campaign trail?
How do you square
the Electoral College
with "1 Person, 1 Vote"?
* Since I was just a girl
* I've traveled near and far
Man: Alright, I know you heard
this scene 15 times or so.
But they're gonna run it
once more,
so they need you
to act like
this is the first time
you're hearing these jokes!
All right?
Energy up.
Oh,
this is nothing.
When Kelsey Grammer's
having a day, look out.
You sure
you can eat ramen dry?
You can eat anything dry
if you chew enough.
Eddie, I have to
tell you something.
I am Messy Jessie.
Who?
When I was in college,
I didn't
take it seriously.
I used to be
a madwoman.
I don't believe this.
What?
That you could fill
a water balloon
with shaving cream
instead of water
so you could actually
lift it?
No, I mean, yes, that is also
pretty mind-blowing,
but I'm talking about
how you were wild in college.
Occasionally,
I would let my hair down.
Until I shaved it all off
on a dare.
How come you never
told me all this?
Because there are some qualities
you see in your kids
that you know they got from you,
and you are not proud.
So...
you're ashamed
I like to have fun?
No,
it's not that.
It's just that maybe
if I had been more focused
the first time around,
I wouldn't be
back in school now
trying to do it
all over again.
I don't want you
to have to do that.
Really?
Because it seems to me
that the way you did it
is way more interesting.
You lived it up,
you had a family,
multiple careers,
still pushing yourself --
Okay, you're right,
I don't regret it.
I just don't want
to encourage you
to behave
the way I did.
I know,
I'm a hypocrite.
No, cocky.
You think you're the only person
who could handle anything?
Yes.
Because I am
battle-tested.
Not as much as me.
You could never handle
what I went through -- you.
Me versus me.
That is interesting.
Who would win?
Me.
You're crazy.
You call it
like you see it.
That is another quality
I am proud you get from me.
Well, I am glad
that Messy Jessie could help.
Now,
are you gonna tell me
what we're gonna do
with this cream balloon?
Yes.
As long as you promise
to only do it at Harvard.
I don't know
about Harvard,
but maybe college
isn't as lame as I thought.
Okay. Stanford.
Ready?
Evan:
Hey, look!
It's our little
movie star!
You make it big?
No.
Hollywood sucks.
Yeah, turns out
a beachside gym
isn't the political think tank
you would expect.
And look at this.
Completely pumped out.
I won't be able to do
bis and tris till next week!
I thought being rich
and not caring about anything
would be amazing.
Garfield makes it look
so easy.
Garfield's not rich.
He's cat-rich.
It's different.
It was all too much.
The excess,
ignoring consequences,
never saying no.
It's unsustainable.
You can't live life that way.
No one can.
Not even me.
Not even Danny DeVito.
Grandma,
that wasn't Danny DeVito.
Emery, they could've kissed.
Let her have it.
* Yeah
You know,
even if Y2K's coming,
I'd rather spend
my last few days with you two,
just like we always do --
on the couch,
busting each other's yams.
Hey, if the world
doesn't end,
how are we gonna pay off
our credit cards?
I faked
my death before.
I can do it again.
Hmm.
Look out below!
Nooooooo!
Messy Jessie!
If you were this crazy
in college,
I can't imagine what
"The Buffalo" was like.
Nope. Sorry.
That's R-rated.
Louis,
I thought you said
good parenting was sharing
our past, not hiding it.
Oh, I say a lot of things
to get out of the doghouse.
Your dad
was a club guy.
He joined them all.
I am so excited.
Topiary Club!
Or should we call it
Shrub Club?
Look out, nerds!
Coming through!
Are you here
for the club?
Extracurriculars
are the wings
of a social butterfly.
Dad,
you're making it worse.
Oh, yeah?
I had a ton of sex.
No,
you did not.
I did, too.
With who?
The bush club?
The Shrub Club!
Okay.
That's enough sharing.